embb, mmtc, urll:
This was the first data set collected. I collected this data over multiple time periods both stationary and moving UE. 
The mmtc includes traffic collected while driving. The urllc traffic was both stationaring and walking. The embb traffic 
was only stationary.
The original data contained one, two, or three of the traffic types. 
After capturing all the data, I seperated it by class type. Next, I combined all the time periods into one file.
Because of this, there may be time gaps when other traffic types was present. That traffic has been removed, 
but leaves behind empty time.

embb_2, mmtc_2, urll_2
This is the second data set collected. When collecting this data, I focused on a specific traffic slice. 
In other words, for the embb traffic, I only streamed YouTube and started and stopped the traffic immediately
before and after streaming YouTube. This was collected on campus, some stationary in ISEC, and some walking.

embb_3, mmtc_3, urllc_3, mixed
This is the third data set collected. When collecting this data, I focused on a specific traffic slice. 
In other words, for the embb traffic, I only streamed YouTube and started and stopped the traffic immediately
before and after streaming YouTube. This was collected in ISEC, mostly stationary.

I also included a mixed traffic sample that has all traffic types.

embb_11_18, mmtc_11_18, urll_11_18
When collecting this data, I focused on a specific traffic slice. I captured all trafic on 18 November.
For the embb traffic, I streamed Netflix and started and stopped the traffic immediately
before and after streaming Netflix. I only captured the Netflix traffic. 
For the urllc traffic I used Facebook messenger for live video chat and voice only calls, capturing only the facebook messanger traffic.
For the mmtc, I captured all traffic while not using the UE for anything except text messages (and background traffic).
I captured all traffic in ISEC with no mobility. 

embb_03_03a, embb_03_03b, embb_03_03c, mmtc_03_03, urllc_03_03
When collecting this data I focused on a specific traffic slice. I caputred all traffic on 3 March.
For the embb data, I downloaded several large videos using OneDrive, only caputring OneDrive traffic. This was stationary in ISEC.
For the urllc data I used Google Meet for live video chat. This was walking outside on Northeastern campus.
For the mmtc data, I captured all background traffic while not actively using the phone. This was stationary in ISEC.